Privacy Policy
EvolveBits (“we”, or “us”), knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by EvolveBits when you use the EvolveBits Service, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. 

Information We Collect

User-Provided Information:You provide us information about yourself, such as your name, e-mail address, etc., if you sign up for a consultation.

Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you register with or view our site, evolvebits.com, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

Clear Gifs Information: When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your EvolveBits account is collected using these clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make EvolveBits better for our users. EvolveBits currently uses Google Analytics, which uses a cleargif to gather data in particular situations. More information about Google Analytics can be found here.

Do Not Track: While you may disable the usage of cookies through your browser settings, we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or mobile application. We track your activities if you click on advertisements for EvolveBits services on third party platforms such as search engines and social networks, and may use analytics to track what you do in response to those advertisements.

How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to reach out to users for our consulting practice. By providing EvolveBits your email address, you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the Service, or special offers. EvolveBits may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing content.

EvolveBits reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the User Content you post on the site. We reserve the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason, including without limitation if in our sole opinion such information or material violates, or may violate, any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement, or to protect or defend our rights or property or those of any third party. EvolveBits also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party. We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.

How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information: EvolveBits may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of EvolveBits (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). EvolveBits does not share your personally identifiable information or personally-identifiable location information with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your express consent or unless you have opted-in to be part of a specific program or feature. We cannot control third parties’ use of your information. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, EvolveBits will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of EvolveBits, our Users or others.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain EvolveBits services, or to comply with the terms of our music licenses.

How We Protect Your Information
EvolveBits uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to EvolveBits and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, EvolveBits makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from EvolveBits, at all times. Compromise of Personal Information In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, EvolveBits will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law. 

Links to Other Web Sites

We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.

Notification Procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our website, as determined by EvolveBits in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at contact@evolvebits.com.
